We can now access our application inside the browser, which is fantastic.
Before we move on and continue developing this server any more.
There's something very quick I want to mention.
This video and the series of videos right after it are a part of an optional section.
So in this very optional section, which you do not have to watch, we are going to learn how to set
up our development environment to run through Google Cloud.
The reason that we are going to do this is that later on, as we continue with this application, we're
going to have many different pods running inside of our local cluster.
If you're on an older computer, you might eventually start to experience a lot of lag or even crashes
because of the amount of code that we are executing.
So if you're on an older machine specifically or particularly if you are on a older Windows machine,
as you continue building this application, you might eventually start to experience some crashes.
And so in this optional section, I'm going to show you how you can get around that by running all of
our code on Google Cloud instead of on your local machine.
Now, something very important.
This does not have to be done right now this instant.
The reason I'm putting this videos right here is because if you are on an older machine, I just cannot
predict when you're going to start to experience some crashes.
It might be after we create three pods or it might be after we create ten.
So I'm just going to show you right now how to set up all this stuff to run through Google Cloud.
And if you are going to anticipate going through this stuff or having the performance issues rate,
do the setup right now.
Otherwise, just continue on with the course.
And if you start to experience performance issues, then go ahead and do the setup.
Then it's totally up to you.
Now, having said that, another quick note here to make use of Google Cloud as our development environment,
you must have a credit card.
This is strictly required.
There's nothing I can do about it.
You have to have a credit card.
Now, you probably are not going to have to pay any money because we're going to use a relatively small
amount of resources on Google Cloud.
So we should be fitting into the free tier.
You should not be getting charged any money, but that is not at all a guarantee.
I am not guaranteeing you that you're not going to have to pay money, but we should not have to.
At present, when you create a new Google Cloud account, specifically make a new account, you get
$300 in credit once you associate a credit card.
And there's no way that we're ever going to be spending more than $300 unless you do something very,
very wrong.
So, again, we should be fitting into this free tier.
You should not have to pay any actual money, but it will require a credit card.
And I'm not necessarily guaranteeing that you're not going to be charged if you do something wrong during
the setup process.
Okay.
So now that we understand the purpose of the following videos, if you're on a very new computer, if
you don't think that you're going to run into any performance issues or if you just don't have a credit
card to use, no problem.
Skip over the next set of videos that are talking about Google Cloud and continue with the setup stuff.
Otherwise, continue in the next video and I'm going to show you how to use Google Cloud.